The directory cray3:/wd2/wd20/wd20mi/f95/source2 contains the source code
of the global forecast model to be implemented operationally in August 1995.
As of 95/07/10, the T126L28 model on the C90 uses approximately 24 megawords and
36 CP minutes (about 10 minutes wall time using 4 CPUS) per forecast day.
A summary of the significant changes to the model follows:

*  The transform from Fourier to spectral space in the dynamics and physics
   is done for wind components rather than divergence and vorticity; the
   divergence and vorticity are then computed in spectral space.  This change
   speeds up the model by about 10%.  (Sela)

*  The nonlinear advection of momentum has been formulated in terms
   of wind components instead of divergence and vorticity in anticipation
   of a future semi-Lagrangian version of the model.  (Sela)

*  The physics and radiation parameterizations have been generalized so that
   they can also be invoked from the regional spectral model.  (Juang)

*  Some cloud radiative properties have been corrected.  (Hou)

*  Climatological ozone in the radiation has been corrected to be a function
   of pressure rather than model level.  (Campana)

*  Full three-dimensional total and convective cloud diagnostics have been
   added to the diagnostic version.  Also total cloudiness as seen from the
   ground has been added to the flux file.  (Campana)

*  The zero hour flux file and the intermediate hour flux and zonal files
   have been added.  The sigma file header record has been augmented.  (Iredell)

*  The main physics loop has been separated into two modules GLOOPB and GBPHYS
   in order to make the code more comprehensible.  (Rozwodoski)

*  Some code has been rewritten to make it more efficient.  The changes include
   re-ordering the spectral data in common to reduce the number of transforms,
   reducing the bank conflicts in the radiation, computing zonal diagnostics
   after the physics, and limiting the grid point diagnostics to hourly values.
   These changes reduce memory by about 25% and speed up the model by about 9%.
   (Iredell)

*  Any number of tracers are now allowed in the model.  At this time all the
   tracers (except specific humidity) would just be advected around, since
   the model does not yet have any parameterizations using them in the physics
   or radiation.  The tracers are spectral but can be easily converted to grid
   for semi-Lagrangian advection.  (Moorthi, Iredell)

*  The shortwave radiation code has been fully vectorized.  (Katz)

*  The planetary boundary layer scheme has been replaced.  The new scheme
   explicitly diagnoses the planetary boundary layer height and then determines
   bulk diffusivity coefficients for the entire boundary layer computed from
   a cubic function profile.  (Hong)

*  The deep convection scheme has been changed to allow convection in a
   disturbed atmospheric profile to eliminate convective available potential
   energy (CAPE), to search for cloud top from below rather than above,
   and to allow shallow clouds to detrain early with no downdraft.  (Pan)

*  The default frequency for calling the solar radiation is now one hour.  (Pan)

*  New flux file fields are a second level of soil moisture, two levels of
   soil temperature, and planetary boundary layer height.  (Hong, Pan, Iredell)

*  The main radiation loop has been separated into three modules.  (Katz)

*  The number of parallel processors used is now detected at runtime.  (Iredell)

*  The albedo over sea ice has been corrected.  (Grumbine)
