The following files should now be present in this directory:
 
README makefile.sun makefile.cray mcons.h mgrid.h tmarch.h spcons.h spgrid.h
sppoly.h spfftb.h ftable.h splib.F prognos.F linpack.F prof.F adiabat.F
axisym.F ptest.F adbt.in adbt.out.sparc adbt.out.cray manual.tex
 
Here is a brief description of the files:
 
manual.tex contains documentation describing the model, in plain TeX. If you
are not a habitual TeX user, you will need to ask somebody how to print out
a TeX file.
 
The makefiles are for use on the Sun or on the Cray.
 
The *.h files are inlcude files.
 
splib.F is the spectral transforms module.
 
prognos.F is the time-marching module.
 
Note: The following files are not as well documented as the above files. They
are provided for the sake of completeness, and so that the user may have some
idea of how the above modules are actually used in application programs.
 
linpack.F is a selection of LINPACK routines put together to simulate the NAG
routines used by prognos.F. It is provided for the sake of completeness, and
the NAG routines should preferably be used, if available.
 
prof.F is a set of simple subroutines for providing reference vertical
temperature profiles for the atmosphere. They are based on the paper
"Analytic representations of standard atmosphere temperature profiles,"
S.B.Fels, Journal of Atmospheric Sciences(1986), vol. 43, pp.219-221.
These temperature profiles may be converted to mean potential temperature
profiles for relaxation by Newtonian cooling. (See file ptest.F)
 
adiabat.F is a MAIN program that tests the conservation properties of the
primitive equation model, in a manner similar to that described in the paper
"A multi-layer spectral model and the semi-implicit method", B.J.Hoskins and
A.J.Simmons, Quart. J. R. Met. Soc.(1975), vol.101,pp.637-655.
 
adbt.in is a sample input file for adiabat.F.
 
The adbt.out.* files are some sample output files for runs using adbt.in.
(See the makefiles)
 
axisym.F is a MAIN program that runs axisymmetric experiments similar to
those described in the paper "Nonlinear axially symmetric circulations in a
nearly inviscid atmosphere", I.M.Held and A.Y.Hou, Journal of Atmospheric
Sciences(1980), vol.37, pp.515-533.
 
ptest.F is a MAIN program that uses prof.F to relax the atmosphere back to
time-mean vertical stratification, and compute the winds in nonlinear
thermal wind balance.
 
If all of the above files are present, you should copy the appropriate makefile
to the name "makefile", and then type the command
"make adbt.out"
This command compiles and runs a test program.
 
