Round 2 codes:
This involves changes which must all be done concurrently to produce the
higher resolution sea ice fields, and correctly produce the lower resolution
sea ice fields.

ex990.sh.sms :
  deletes exsaic script, unrelated to sea ice processing.
  produce higher resolution sea ice fields
  produce old resolution fields from this new input
  use high resolution SST analysis (0.5 degree now)

seaice_ssmibufr.fd:
  high resoution output added
  includes all satellites in output

seaice_seaissmi.cd: replace seaice_seaissmi.fd
  Source code split in to logical groups
  Many code modifications to produce new, higher resolution, 12.7 km sea
    ice concentrations from ssmi information.

seaice_filtanal.Cd : replaces seaice_filtanal.fd
  change to 12.7 km and 5' grids from 25.4 km and 30' grids
  change a logical test to be less verbose
  remove unused variables

seaice_icegrid.Cd : replaces seaice_icegrid.fd
  change to 5' global grid from 30'
  handle case of there being no prior global analysis field


Executable	time (s) 	Max resident set size (kb)
seaice_ssmibufr	180		  2,972
seaice_seaissmi	 28		 83,328
seaice_filtanal	 21		111,452
seaice_icegrid	  4.4		334,732

ex990 total	300		334,732
(includes dumpjb, and codes from round1; dumpjb is most of the time)


Fixed fields:

New seaice fixed files -------------------------------------
seaice_nland127.map : 
  byte array of land mask flags
  derived from GMT land and water mapping
  points that were 'ice' covered in summer masked out to coast.

seaice_sland127.map : 
  byte array of land mask flags
  derived from GMT land and water mapping
  points that were 'ice' covered in summer masked out to coast.

seaice_gland5min    :
  byte array of land mask flags
  derived from GMT land and water mapping
  points that can not be filled from an ocean point on the 12.7 km grids
    masked out as 151 (unfillable ocean) -- these may be fillable in the
    future as higher resolution and better algorithms become available.
    50907 such points.
  'land' points that can be filled from an ocean point of the 12.7 km grid
    masked as 150 (fillable land).  These exist because of differences in
    locating bounding points of polygon segments from GMT.  
    9611 such points

seaice_newland.pct :
  floating point array of fraction of 30 minute grid cell which can be filled
    by information from ocean points on the 5 minute grid.

Revised files -------------------------------------

seaice_nland.map :
seaice_sland.map :
  25.4 km byte array of land mask flags
  any point that can be filled with any unmasked (not land or coast) 
     point from the higher resolution grid is marked ocean.  This will not
     accurately represent the land, as it over-ascribes ocean.
  some points may display as land now, that used to be ocean.  These are
     due to the unfillable (due to contamination) points now known on the
     higher resolution grid.
 
seaice_newland :
  30 minute (1/2 degree) byte array of land mask flags
  any point that can be filled with any unmasked (not land or coast) 
     point from the higher resolution grid is marked ocean.  This will not
     accurately represent the land, as it over-ascribes ocean.


    
