Dear Mr. Nomura,

  I'm sorry for the problems on the SSMI F-11 files.  I got caught
by the problems of reading in HDF files and had a couple mistakes.

  Proper mask files are now available in the 
pub/nws/nmc/development/ecmwf/f11ice directory on nic.fb4.noaa.gov.
They are named nmask.2 and smask.2.  These and the ice concentration
files are unformatted binary files, 1 byte (8 bits, 1 character)
per pixel.  The land masks are 0 and 1.  The concentrations are
the usual percentage encoding with the following exceptions:
157 still denotes land.
200 and 224 denote bad or missing data points.
concentrations are not capped at 100% (values up to 128 occur
 routinely).

  Further note, in my attempt to read the hdf files from the disk,
I erred on the number of header bytes.  There are 17 fewer than I
thought.  This accounts for the overlapped image appearance (the
Aleutians appearing next to England).  The quick solution is
to read in the map file as a vector of bytes, set the first 17 bytes
of the concentration map to zero (never have ice there anyhow), 
then sequentially (in first index then second) copy from the vector
into the concentration map.  I will do this for our copy of the
files.  If you don't mind waiting for this to be run (and transferred),
I can upload to nic the revised files.

  In the mean time, the rest of the files (to 9308) are on nic.  
They must (as always) be transferred via binary ftp.


On another matter:

  I've been approached by the ISLSCP (International Satellite Land
Surface Climatology Project) about providing sea ice concentration
maps on monthly-averaged 1 degree lat-long grids for 1987 and 1988.
For test purposes, I've already reformatted the monthly averages
you've developed and created a sample description.  I would 
definitely not like to send the documentation out with only my
name, but also would not want to list you against your wishes.
(For that matter, there's no need for my name to appear at all.)
I have uploaded the documentation start and the monthly averaged
maps to nic at pub/nws/nmc/development/ecmwf/islscp.  The averages
are compressed tar files, so need to be transferred binary.  The
documentation file is plain text.

Sincerely,
Bob Grumbine
wd21rg@hp20.wwb.noaa.gov
